此节英文解释比中文解释更清晰  
https://doc.rust-lang.org/book/ch07-01-packages-and-crates.html

A package is one or more crates

A package contains a Cargo.toml file that describes how to build those crates.

A crate can be a binary crate or a library crate

Binary crates are programs you can compile to an executable that you can run, such as a command-line program or a server. They must have a function called main that defines what happens when the executable runs. All the crates we’ve created so far have been binary crates.

Library crates don’t have a main function, and they don’t compile to an executable. They define functionality intended to be shared with multiple projects. For example, the rand crate we used in Chapter 2 provides functionality that generates random numbers.

The crate root is a source file that the Rust compiler starts from and makes up the root module of your crate (we’ll explain modules in depth in the “Defining Modules to Control Scope and Privacy” section).  
add，src/main.rs is the crate root of a binary crate with the same name as the package, lllf. if the package directory contains src/lib.rs, the package contains a library crate with the same name as the package, and src/lib.rs is its crate root,Cargo passes the crate root files to rustc to build the library or binary.
If a package contains src/main.rs and src/lib.rs, it has two crates: a binary and a library, both with the same name as the package. A package can have multiple binary crates by placing files in the src/bin directory: each file will be a separate binary crate.

Several rules determine what a package can contain. A package can contain at most one library crate. It can contain as many binary crates as you’d like, but it must contain at least one crate (either library or binary).
